$Header: //MyDataDepot/Projects/provenance-autoType2/README/README#1 $

Welcome to the Provenance source code.

If you have downloaded the source from GitHub, be sure to see the
NOTE and the end of this file.

In addition to README, you should now see _six_ directories here:

haathi - C++ source code for the OpenOffice extension
haathi4j - Java source code related to the extension
libcpp - C++ libraries used for haathi
libjava - Java libraries used for the servers
retired - Files no longer actively used
servers - Java source code used for the Trusted/Provenance servers

The two library directories shouldn't be changed except perhaps
if new versions of the libraries are published.  Although files have
been unzipped, rearranged, and culled, none has actually been
edited (with the exception of cJSON.c).  Save that for files within
the haathi and servers directories.

The haathi source code directory contains a Microsoft Visual C++
solution for use with Windows and Eclipse projects for use
with Linux and Macintosh computers.  For best results, point those
tools to the file/directory.  For Visual C++ that means simply opening
the solution file.  For Eclipse that means to create a workspace in
the haathi directory and to import the projects.  Continue with the
README project that you should find.

For advice on precisely what tools to use for haathi above and the
servers below, see the file index.html in the top level README
directory.  You may not have that file yet because it is in the 
"gh-pages" branch of the repository.

The haathi4j directory is relatively new and contains projects
related to Haathi that can be written in Java.  These are presently
mostly for test and evaluation.  Eclipse should work on any of the
three supported platforms.  Starting up a Java program that accesses
OpenOffice is relatively complicated, so the launch configurations are
finicky and may need to be modified for your system configuration.

The servers source code file contains Eclipse projects for
all three platforms: Windows, Linux, and Macintosh.  Start Eclipse
using that directory as a workspace, import the projects, and continue
with the README project that you should find.

The client and server projects refer to files in ../libcpp and
../libjava, respectively.  If you put your workspace somewhere besides
haathi or servers, library files will still be expected to be found
at these relative locations.  So, either put the workspace in a sibling
directory to haathi and servers or move the library files as needed.

Also note that not all directories in Haathi include project files.  This
means that if you import all the projects into a different directory, not
all the necessary files will be copied to that directory.  You will be
missing some and that won't be obvious until compilation.  It is probably
better to put the workspace directly in haathi until it is obvious how
things work.
